Update documentation for XCode build phase (#409)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/crash_reporting.md

#!/bin/sh
set -e

DATADOG_XCODE="../node_modules/.bin/datadog-ci react-native xcode"

/bin/sh -c "$DATADOG_XCODE"
```

> It runs a command that takes care of uploading the source maps with all the correct parameters. For more information, see the [datadog-ci documentation][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script runs a command that takes care of uploading the source maps with all the correct parameters. For more information, see the [datadog-ci documentation][12].
```

set -e

export NODE_BINARY=node
export SOURCEMAP_FILE=$DERIVED_FILE_DIR/main.jsbundle.map
../node_modules/.bin/datadog-ci react-native xcode
```

> It runs a command that takes care of uploading the source maps with all the correct parameters. For more information, see the [datadog-ci documentation][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script runs a command that takes care of uploading the source maps with all the correct parameters. For more information, see the [datadog-ci documentation][12].
```
